feat: Multi Dev Portal (#7561)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/dev-portal/publish-service.md

title: Add and publish API product documentation
---

The Dev Portal is an API catalog that lets you document and publish your {{site.konnect_short_name}} API products
and share them with your developers. Developers can use the Dev Portal to

> locate, access, consume, and register applications against the products. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
locate, access, consume, and register applications to the products. 
```

This OpenAPI spec will be shown under the version name when this service is
published to the Dev Portal.

> ## Publish an API product to a Dev Portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Publish an API product and API Product version to a Dev Portal
```

> To publish an API, you must first add the API product to a Dev Portal and then add an API product version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish an API, you must publish both the API Product and API Product version to the Dev Portal.
```

> 1. In {% konnect_icon dev-portal %} [**Dev Portal**](https://cloud.konghq.com/portal), select the Dev Portal you want to publish the API for.
> 1. Click **API Products**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **[API Products](https://cloud.konghq.com/us/api-products/)**.
```

> 1. Click **Add** next to the API product or products you want to publish to the Dev Portal and then click **Finish**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ 1. Select the API Product you want to publish. On the API Product overview page click **Add** and select "Publish to Dev Portals" in the dropdown menu.
+1. Click "Publish" to publish your API Product to a specific Dev Portal 
```

> 1. Repeat steps 1-3 for any other Dev Portals you want to add the API product to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. In {% konnect_icon api-product %} [**API Products**](https://cloud.konghq.com/api-products), select the API product you added to the Dev Portal. 
1. Click **Product Versions** in the sidebar.

> 1. Click the product version you created previously and in the **Dev Portals** tab, click **Browse Dev Portals** and select the Dev Portals you want to add the product version to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the product version you created previously and want to publish to your Dev Portal(s). From the **Actions** dropdown menu or the **Dev Portals** tab, click **Publish to Dev Portals** and select the Dev Portals you want to publish the product version to. 
```
